Internet and how it works?

Get the basic understanding of internet, browsers, networks and other relevant knowledge.

##INTERNET
The Internet is a global network of billions of computers and other electronic devices. With the Internet, it's possible to access almost any information, communicate with anyone else in the world, and do much more.

##BROWSERS
A web browser (commonly referred to as a browser) is a software application for accessing information on the World Wide Web. When a user requests a web page from a particular website, the web browser retrieves the necessary content from a web server and then displays the page on the user's device.

##NETWORKS
A computer network is a group of computers that use a set of common communication protocols over digital interconnections for the purpose of sharing resources located on or provided by the network nodes.

## HOW DOES THE INTERNET WORK?
The internet is a worldwide computer network that transmits a variety of data and media across interconnected devices. It works by using a packet routing network that follows Internet Protocol (IP) and Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).
TCP and IP work together to ensure that data transmission across the internet is consistent and reliable, no matter which device you’re using or where you’re using it.
When data is transferred over the internet, it’s delivered in messages and packets. Data sent over the internet is called a message, but before messages get sent, they’re broken up into tiny parts called packets.
These messages and packets travel from one source to the next using Internet Protocol (IP) and Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). IP is a system of rules that govern how information is sent from one computer to another computer over an internet connection.
Using a numerical address (IP Address) the IP system receives further instructions on how the data should be transferred.
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) works with IP to ensure transfer of data is dependable and reliable. This helps to make sure that no packets are lost, packets are resembled in proper sequence, and there’s no delay negatively affecting the data quality.
